Define:
    Intents: An abstract description of an operation to be performed. Practically, it is a passive data structure that holds a description of an action to be performed.
    Activities: Typically fullscreen, an activity is a single focused task a user can perform.
    Fragments: A portion of an activity that has its own life cycle. Typically a sub of an activity.
    Resources: Generally, data... Things like text for buttons, item descriptions, images, and color schemes. These are helpful because they allow easy replacement.
    Manifests: The main app info file.
    TextView: Displays text and optionally allows a user to modify the text.

What does the file and directory layout of an Android App look like?

    Most of the files are in the /app/src/main directory.

    There will be a Java directory.
    
    AndroidManifest.xml -> Basically the project/app config file.

    res -> Where all of the resources go.
    
        res/layout
        res/values
        res/drawable
        res/drawable-hdpi

    [X]Activity.java -> the Java file responsible for X activity.
    
    layout_x.xml -> the layout for activity X.

How are Android layouts set up? Using XML. Typically in the form of Lists, Grids, and Relative Layouts.

How does code interact with an Android layout?



Some Android libraries:
    android.*
        app: the application model.
        content: allows for content access, publishing, and inter-app communication.
        database: used to access data, and includes SQLite.
        opengl: a 3D graphics rendering API.
        os: standard os services including: messages, system services, and inter-process communication.
        text: simply text manipulation and rendering.
        view: UI buiding blocks.
        widget: Pre-Built UI components like buttons, labels, list views, layout managers, and radio buttons.
        webkit: Designed to allow web browsing capabilities from applications.

Dalvik Virtual Machine: A VM to run Java apps on Android that is optimized for this application.
